Hello,

The issues we previously identified still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 42e84d19-2877-403e-a928-4f2b6983e185
Review date: September 12, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0 (6)

Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness


Issue Description

We still noticed that the app crashed on launch. We have attached detailed crash logs to help troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iPadOS 27.0 and iOS 27.0

Next Steps

To address the crash in the app, follow these steps:

1. Fully symbolicate the crash report. See Adding Identifiable Symbol Names to a Crash Report for an explanation of the symbolication process.
2. Match the crash report to a common pattern. Based on the pattern, take specific actions to further investigate the crash. See Identifying the Cause of Common Crashes.
3. Test the app on a device to ensure that it now runs as expected.
4. Once the crash is addressed, create and submit a new build for review.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

For additional information on crash reports, see Diagnosing Issues Using Crash Reports and Device Logs.
Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas

Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.
